Good evening
Hello from the city of Khmelnitsky
Ukraine Where are you from the
city of Novosibirsk crow's
mother probably already talked to you I
remember Oh I love to meet people after
a certain time It's clear I
remember you there somehow
negatively responded to migrants something
Kyrgyz they can only sweep shorter there Yes they
can
work as taxi drivers  remember, I remember No, I
didn’t say that
for sure, I say that people come to
work as someone or someone,
but they don’t work as nuclear physicists,
of course, basically, they
couldn’t say. Like, it was
Kievan Rus. It was going
somewhere if you say that
Moscow  this is the heiress of Russia how the
capital moved there already studied in half a year you
can tell
again the question formulate I didn’t really
understand you told me Yes that you
Russia is the successor of Russia so yes
Can you tell me then you couldn’t
say it was Russia So now there is
Russia How from  Russia
became Russia
what was between Russia and Russia then what are
you Heirs
you said that Kyrgyzstan was
Kyrgyzstan was Yes you said Kyrgyzstan
from laughing like Well, I
know especially from the time of school I didn’t
go into details how from Kievan
Rus it passed into Russia
to Russia from
Russia there  passed to the Soviet Union,
it’s clear
[music]
where did it come from
then after we expelled the
Tatar-Mongol, in what year did you
drive out the Tatar-Mongol, well, in what year was the
battle of Kulikovo, you know what year did you
find out what
what in what year  you expelled the
Tatar-Mongol
Well, in which there in the 13th century they
fought with the Tatar-Mongols
in the 13th century not in the 13th century just Kiev
Well,
what is the Battle of Kulikovo already If I’m not
mistaken, the end of the 14th century, but in what year the
Battle of Kulikovo was
1380 That is  this is the end of the 14th year of the 14th
century And Russia ceased to
exist at 13
listen to the
Tatar-Mongol We expelled so on the site the
Tatar-Mongol appeared that the
principality appeared there, then the
Muscovite kingdom was formed after the Muscovite kingdom the
Russian Empire was formed
and there it went on and went
on these territories Lived  Russian
tsars lived to the wife of Russian people and one
state smoothly passed into another, it
turns out look here we have
Russian tsars just living here Yes, there was
Danila of Galicia Yes there was a Russian tsar the
king of Russians the king of Russia lived here
These people who lived in Russia before A
on your territory, look on the territory of the
Moscow modern Moscow
region of
Suzdal, shorter than Vladimir, not a single
Slavic tribe lived, you can
name on the territory of Russia where
now Ukraine lived
Drevlyans glade northerners to convict the Iberians
And so on, Slavic tribes, at least
one Slavic tribe that lived
on the territory of
modern here  Moscow Principality
or Vladimir Principality or Suzdal there
I have no idea at all That's because
there were no Slavs there Slavs didn't live there
no no if I have no idea it doesn't
mean that there's no way I have a clue there is
the sky Here you open any map of the 13th
century and  14th century settlement Slavic
captivity was not sent there. For
example, if a Russian governor is sent to Yakutia from Moscow,
for example, do the Yakuts get up as
Russians because of this, it’s not worth it if
the governors from Buryatia are sent to Chechnya,
do the Chechens get up as Buryats no, they
just look after the child Buryats also
here if the principality Yes, they sent someone from Russia to
reign
Yes, people did not live there from the heart, people
lived there, here are the local Georgian tribes Well,
let it be so I understood super That is, they
would have
nothing to do with Russia
Well, I tell you that they had the most
direct once again  Look, if the
Soviet Union collapsed and the President of
Tajikistan Now he says that we are
the Soviet Union, somewhere on the outskirts of the
Union there was some kind of republic Yes, where the
Tajiks lived Yes And now we are
the Soviet Union, also here, Belarus
A different tribal state There, in this one,
what  if the president of the Tajiks of
Tajikistan say that we are the Soviet Union
is absolutely right
as the republic was part of the
Soviet Union
contradiction I don’t understand Tajikistan
The heir to the Soviet Union
including Of course Like any of the 15
republics that were part of the
Soviet Union
Well then let’s take Kazakhstan as
the heir to the Russian Empire
Kazakhstan was in the Russian
Empire.
One of us, you know, there is a family, there
is a mother, a father, and there, you know, there
are. There are many heirs of
Ukraine.  one of the heirs of the
Great State, the council is great, not
Russia
in the Soviet Union, completely different
peoples lived Chechens Buryats Russians there,
for example, yes
Ukrainians, for example,
different Slavic and non-Slavic peoples also lived in Russia.
I just heard about Russia for the last time at
school, you know when in what year
to finish school  you’re not you, more precisely, you
piled on about Russia about half a year ago.
In short, it’s Rus for me And now at school
I don’t refuse my words, we are
really Rus
Ukraine
Russia, we are descendants of that
ancient state that I
understood well For example, let’s not
know  I don’t know about Lithuania, I don’t know
the sun, the Swedes, for example,
they’re more likely to enter there, you know, in the
speech of the Commonwealth that where they
entered there. These were the states
associated with Poland. Russia controlled the
Lithuanian state there, that Russia
controlled Novgorod. For example, the
Turkic peoples are the heirs of Russia
too  entered the territory of Russia Well, let's
just say that we have just
determined that there are parents in the family, there
are some there Heirs,
grandson, nephew, and so on, they
may well be the heir
it’s
now Sylvester Yes, the
Bulgarian kingdom defeated him, it
turns out, it turns out there that
territory also became part of Russia, it will
bring it turns out Bulgaria is also the
heiress of Russia.
we
exchange information It’s
just that you were such an expert ru
to the council six months ago something is no longer advice
How do you dance in Novosibirsk with business?  on
the news in
Novosibirsk they arrested
the developers of missiles, the caliber of
missiles, the caliber, I didn’t even know that in
Novosibirsk such missiles are
scientific developers, there you have
research institutes, we have
a lot of all sorts of institutes in Novosibirsk
And I don’t even know part 10 I
just have a dacha nearby
I once rode a motorcycle with Akademgorodok there.
I counted about 40 pieces within
two kilometers there, about 40 institutes.
Well, how interesting it is, only a businessman in
Akademgorodok,
tell me, for a year and a half,
you imagined yourself like that, you positioned me.
I’m
not ashamed of it, I didn’t think
you weren’t interested, I’m not just
interested or the sanctions hit the business,
you know, I have a lot of tenants, they
mainly deal with
warehouses there,
furniture production,
someone was hit by sanctions,
they only did better to someone, and they
did it better to someone  in what areas I’m
interested in
what is related to food what is
connected, let’s say, with some kind of
local production of
yogurt yogurt, let’s say, benefited from
sanctions,
including the production of
food soda cheeses there and
then where do you get yogurt starter cultures Who
reproduces in Russian
[music]
You know, I live in Siberia and in every
city I know for sure that there is a milk
factory from Soviet times and all the
factories were made by laboratories
located in 3 factories, they have not gone anywhere,
of course modern ones have appeared
Well, now there are a lot of commercial
organizations that have something there
By the way, we now have
only types of Cola. You won’t believe it, but cider.
I know that now
Sidor is very popular in Russia.
yes, I told him,
I’m
like this, how to say alcohol is evil in general
I hope you don’t
drink alcohol I just don’t drink it, but I
advise you to use it.
in short, every day,
that is, you advise me to take up
alcoholism, this is your advice, my advice, and I
advise you not to consume more more
yogurts, I
wish you well that we have
finished everything Let's at least discuss the
Red Corporation article we had today What do you
know there is such an article what news
rent  Corporation You know, I haven’t even
heard of what it is, it’s a
corporation that
issues analytics for the Pentagon and it
makes absolutely no sense to discuss someone’s
analytics. Yes, analytics is what
people sit.
they show, let's discuss
your analytics with you, why I will say that the
analytics that seriously does not show it to you
on the table with a certain structure
Why they don’t show it I don’t understand
You are shown
serious analytics costs serious
money is done according to a serious technique by
serious people and obviously not for that
to tell you quieter like this
so that
there is a huge amount of
[music]
YouTube driving us through the car George's
shadowban and a rich look is not
shown to people in private,
information about streams is shown,
therefore for the thickness of a little operational
animal Sign directly at a time and try
there in a kilogram about Krim video
information and we are with you on a stylish
operational stars
to you YouTube the word Ukraine subscribe